modules/module-02.md, before:

# Module 2 - Natural Law Theory and Legal Positivism: Classical Defenses

## Readings

- [Module 2 reading guide](https://github.com/dingherself/phil-324/raw/main/reading-guides/02-reading-guide.docx)
- Thomas Aquinas, *Summa Theologiae* I-II, Question 90; Question 94, Article 4; [Question 95, Article 2](http://library.nlx.com.ezproxy4.library.arizona.edu/xtf/view?docId=aquinas/aquinas.02.xml;chunk.id=id292547;toc.depth=1;toc.id=id1287657;brand=default) (UA login); [Question 96, Article 4](http://library.nlx.com.ezproxy4.library.arizona.edu/xtf/view?docId=aquinas/aquinas.02.xml;chunk.id=id293504;toc.depth=1;toc.id=id1287657;brand=default) (UA login)
- John Austin, selections from *The Province of Jurisprudence Determined* (1832)

## Lectures

- Lecture 2.1: Aquinas ([video](https://youtu.be/RQVr0MH-UkU) \| [handout](https://github.com/dingherself/phil-324/blob/main/handouts/02-aquinas.md))
- Lecture 2.2: Austin ([video](https://youtu.be/tnZG4amlQ1Q) \| [handout](https://github.com/dingherself/phil-324/blob/main/handouts/02-austin.md))

## Assignment

- Module 2 reading guide (due to D2L > Assignments)

## Case Discussion

- [*United States v. Higgs* (2021)](https://github.com/dingherself/phil-324/blob/main/case-discussions/01-higgs.md) (post to D2L > Discussions)

Commit message:

add reminder about box folder

modules/module-02.md, after:

# Module 2 - Natural Law Theory and Legal Positivism: Classical Defenses

As a reminder, if a reading is not linked here, I have uploaded it to the Box folder (see D2L for the link).

## Readings

- [Module 2 reading guide](https://github.com/dingherself/phil-324/raw/main/reading-guides/02-reading-guide.docx)
- Thomas Aquinas, *Summa Theologiae* I-II, Question 90; Question 94, Article 4; [Question 95, Article 2](http://library.nlx.com.ezproxy4.library.arizona.edu/xtf/view?docId=aquinas/aquinas.02.xml;chunk.id=id292547;toc.depth=1;toc.id=id1287657;brand=default) (UA login); [Question 96, Article 4](http://library.nlx.com.ezproxy4.library.arizona.edu/xtf/view?docId=aquinas/aquinas.02.xml;chunk.id=id293504;toc.depth=1;toc.id=id1287657;brand=default) (UA login)
- John Austin, selections from *The Province of Jurisprudence Determined* (1832)

## Lectures

- Lecture 2.1: Aquinas ([video](https://youtu.be/RQVr0MH-UkU) \| [handout](https://github.com/dingherself/phil-324/blob/main/handouts/02-aquinas.md))
- Lecture 2.2: Austin ([video](https://youtu.be/tnZG4amlQ1Q) \| [handout](https://github.com/dingherself/phil-324/blob/main/handouts/02-austin.md))

## Assignment

- Module 2 reading guide (due to D2L > Assignments)

## Case Discussion

- [*United States v. Higgs* (2021)](https://github.com/dingherself/phil-324/blob/main/case-discussions/01-higgs.md) (post to D2L > Discussions)
