case-discussions/01-higgs.md, before:

# Week 1: *United States v. Higgs* (2021)

In class this week, we learned about the Supreme Court’s shadow docket and surveyed many of the worries it raises. One of the most striking uses of the shadow docket occurs in the Court’s disposition of stays of execution in death penalty cases.

These cases often ask disturbing questions about the cruelty of the execution method (in one recent case, a prisoner argued that even death by a firing squad would be more humane), the denial of a spiritual leader in the execution room, the lack of advance notice of execution date and method, the cognitive capacity of the prisoner at the time of execution such that they may not understand why the government is trying to kill them, and so on. Once the execution is scheduled, counsel for the prisoner will file an emergency petition for a stay (i.e., pause) of the execution, which lower courts often grant. But the state will appeal, and the appeal will quickly work its way up to the Supreme Court. Then, on the shadow docket, the justices will essentially vote on whether or not to allow the state to execute the prisoner. 

As you might remember, during the last year of the Trump administration, the federal government briefly resumed executions for the first time in 17 years. For this week’s case discussion, we will look at [*United States v. Higgs*](https://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/20pdf/20-927_i42k.pdf), the 13th and last of these federal executions. Like most cases on the Court’s shadow docket, the majority did not write an opinion to explain its decision to allow the federal government to execute Mr. Higgs. Justices Breyer and Sotomayor each wrote a dissent.

Please read the decision linked above (note the lack of reasoning from the majority; Justice Sotomayor’s dissent will give you more context). It seems that many of the problems with the Court’s disposition of stays of execution on its shadow docket are moral problems (that is, they are problems about what is right/wrong, just/unjust); at the same time, it seems that they do bear directly on the lawfulness of the execution (that is, they factor into whether the execution is legal/illegal, whether a court should allow the execution to go forward). **In this connection, how might *Higgs* shed light on the disagreement between legal positivism and natural law theory?**

[Link to the D2L discussion board](https://d2l.arizona.edu/d2l/le/1294813/discussions/topics/1141699/View)

Commit message:

upload grading standards for case discussions

case-discussions/01-higgs.md, after:

# Week 1: *United States v. Higgs* (2021)

In class this week, we learned about the Supreme Court’s shadow docket and surveyed many of the worries it raises. One of the most striking uses of the shadow docket occurs in the Court’s disposition of stays of execution in death penalty cases.

These cases often ask disturbing questions about the cruelty of the execution method (in one recent case, a prisoner argued that even death by a firing squad would be more humane), the denial of a spiritual leader in the execution room, the lack of advance notice of execution date and method, the cognitive capacity of the prisoner at the time of execution such that they may not understand why the government is trying to kill them, and so on. Once the execution is scheduled, counsel for the prisoner will file an emergency petition for a stay (i.e., pause) of the execution, which lower courts often grant. But the state will appeal, and the appeal will quickly work its way up to the Supreme Court. Then, on the shadow docket, the justices will essentially vote on whether or not to allow the state to execute the prisoner. 

As you might remember, during the last year of the Trump administration, the federal government briefly resumed executions for the first time in 17 years. For this week’s case discussion, we will look at [*United States v. Higgs*](https://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/20pdf/20-927_i42k.pdf), the 13th and last of these federal executions. Like most cases on the Court’s shadow docket, the majority did not write an opinion to explain its decision to allow the federal government to execute Mr. Higgs. Justices Breyer and Sotomayor each wrote a dissent.

Please read the decision linked above (note the lack of reasoning from the majority; Justice Sotomayor’s dissent will give you more context). It seems that many of the problems with the Court’s disposition of stays of execution on its shadow docket are moral problems (that is, they are problems about what is right/wrong, just/unjust); at the same time, it seems that they do bear directly on the lawfulness of the execution (that is, they factor into whether the execution is legal/illegal, whether a court should allow the execution to go forward). **In this connection, how might *Higgs* shed light on the disagreement between legal positivism and natural law theory?**

The grading standards for case discussions are [available here](https://github.com/dingherself/phil-324/blob/main/case-discussions/00-grading-standards.md).

[Link to the D2L discussion board](https://d2l.arizona.edu/d2l/le/1294813/discussions/topics/1141699/View)
