# Course Overview and Objectives

What is the relationship between law and morality? Can a morally indefensible law nevertheless be legally valid? Is civil disobedience ever justifiable, and if so, under what circumstances? When judges interpret the law, do they follow moral principles even if those principles may have never been enacted into the law by a legislature? Should they? Are there cases where the law just “runs out,” and if so, how should judges decide them? Or, is there always a right answer as to how a case should be decided, distinguishable from the final answer given by a court of last resort such as the U.S. Supreme Court?

In this course, we will survey leading answers to these questions from the philosophy of law and consider their jurisprudential implications for a variety of issues central to feminist, antiracist legal theory. Our focus will be the interpretation and application of the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment:

- First, we will consider the arguments behind the Supreme Court’s landmark holdings in *Brown v. Board of Education* (1954) that the racial segregation of public education is inherently unequal, and in *Loving v. Virginia* (1967) that a state law criminalizing interracial marriage violates both the equal protection and due process requirements of the 14th Amendment.
- Next, we will examine and critically assess the development of the Court’s gender equality jurisprudence under the 14th Amendment and Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. We will attend especially to ways in which gender inequality may be obscured by a lack of appreciation of intersectional discrimination and structural subordination. To illustrate intersectional discrimination, we will look at the Court’s recent holding in *Bostock v. Clayton County* (2020) that firing an employee because of their sexual orientation or gender identity is necessarily sex discriminatory and thus violates Title VII. As for structural subordination, we will turn to Catharine MacKinnon’s extraordinarily influential argument that the sexual harassment of women workers constitutes a case of sex discrimination in employment.
- Finally, we will try to apply these important insights to two rapidly developing areas of law—reproductive and transgender rights. We will discuss the Court’s reproductive rights cases from *Griswold* to *Roe*, to *Casey*, and now to *Dobbs*, with an emphasis on the connection between due process and equal protection. We will then conclude by considering some leading (and ongoing) cases challenging transgender discrimination.